Release updates (#3788)
HDFGroup/hdf5: release_docs/RELEASE.txt

Known Problems
==============

>     Building HDF5 Fortran on windows with Intel oneAPI 2023.2 currently fails 
>     with link errors.  Windows binaries will be without Fortran for this release.

Author: ```suggestion
Building HDF5 Fortran on Windows with Intel oneAPI 2023.2 currently fails for this release with link errors. As a result, this release of Windows binaries will not include Fortran.
```

>     with link errors.  Windows binaries will be without Fortran for this release.

Author: Building HDF5 Fortran on Windows with Intel oneAPI 2023.2 currently fails for
    this release with link errors. As a result, this release of Windows binaries will not
    include Fortran.

>     Building HDF5 Fortran on windows with Intel oneAPI 2023.2 currently fails 
>     with link errors.  Windows binaries will be without Fortran for this release.

Author: ```suggestion
    Building HDF5 Fortran on windows with Intel oneAPI 2023.2 currently fails 
    with link errors.  Windows binaries will be without Fortran for this release.
```

>  

Reviewer: Building HDF5 Fortran on Windows with Intel oneAPI 2023.2 currently fails for this release with link errors. As a result, this release of Windows binaries will not include Fortran.

>  

Author: ```suggestion
 Building HDF5 Fortran on Windows with Intel oneAPI 2023.2 currently fails for this release with link errors. As a result, this release of Windows binaries will not include Fortran.
```
